link to prod prod - to help interviewee get an understanding of different hr questions.. why they exist and what is a way to resolve it




interview:
-- for every 1 person hired, 3 are denied because they couldn't code;
and for every 5 people hired, 1 is denied because they are rude. So,
be skilled, think out loud (to get partial credits), ask, analyze
-- code review : should be explaining, not dictating




Design review  -- or maybe make it as a separate topic page and then link here

You want to get as much critical feedback as early as possible. You
cannot do anything once your code hits the prod.
* If you got no reviews, you didn't need any design review
* If your design review complete fails, there is a problem with the
purpose of your project

Start with important, and risky and controversial parts; for riskier
parts - do more of it not less.
* You want to confirm what is important is really important, and not
that something you thought is unimportant is actually important.
* You want to let everyone have some background, but also not want to
spend time on non-controversial ideas. Try to group non-controversial
ones for follow up later in meeting, or say, you'll reach out
separately. But don't use this to sweep off any controversial idea. If
someone still insists, ask them what's the controversy here

Do bunch of small review rather than a big review. Start with a small
review on what is your goal of project. Make sure your goal on what
you're trying to solve is correct. Make any implicit thing explicit.

Propose multiple options that could be right; and objective way to
evaluate: have an objective for what's good for company and not just
because it sounds right.  With this, don't just say one thing and run
with it

Understand at high level, not nitty gritty details

Exit criteria, or what is result of design review:
* Don't ever expect or commit to others - that you'll be changing
design based on comment
* Ideal should be: these are some great suggestions, I'm gonna assign
myself or others to look into it. That way, the design review is just
there for suggestions but nobody commits. You assign tasks. later,
when heat f moment is gone, then you can take a step back and
analyze!! Good design review is when you have follow up tasks and you
assign to yourself or to others

When writing design (i.e. even before review starts, just making doc)
- do pair writing - and/or - run it internally like a mini design
review



question to ask interviewer:
-- how do you expect to respond if someone is giving design review and
you point out some issue. Does the company policy require the other
person to hold on proceeding, or is design review not like gatekeeping
but just suggestive in nature.. and others can still do what they want
-- is it needed for managers to also have technical background --
don't ask directly, but somewhat in related manner